Once upon a time, there was a kind and lovely little prince
He lives alone on a tiny planet
One day
He came across a bunch of roses
And so he became friends with the rose.
So what happened?
He watered the rose every day, mother
But did the little prince finally return to his planet?
Have you seen his rose?
I saw my mother.
The little prince is on earth
What should I do if I find good friends?
So they'll never see the little prince again?
As long as you keep each other in your heart
Will definitely meet
Let's not separate
Kiki is so wronged
I really want to be with my dad
Mom and brother have been living together
Me too. Don't worry.
Mom won't leave you
Ok go to bed early
School tomorrow.
You go to the kitchen
Why didn't you tell me you had cancer?